hey Riggs are want to do a small hall
here and normally on my other channel
you see lego items and on this channel
we feature everything else that may come
so we got this small package here I do
believe this is an ebay purchase so
we're going to see what it is here in
this invert Ellis it for two
things SWAT cool that's where you get it
okay what do we do
all right the box that he used to ship
it in was actually the box for part
partial box for the set that this car
came from this is a lightning mcqueen
I'll get that out of the bag show you
better view of it and they also got this
which is a vintage car cheap car tyco
racing trace and these are the u-turn
cars that turn and go in either
direction so I'm excited about getting
this this is really old I think this is
from the 90s 1990 let's show you a
closer picture think that lightning the
finest I think that's the original
package is still sealed that's for you
we're going to it up
he's put it away Lightning McQueen good
channel it is a slot car
you who made this set the Box here on
the field disney pixar cars2 i forgot
they may be but anyway that's my
lightning mcqueen car I think those
front with the fungus but yeah so that's
pretty cool and then this race and chase
I'll show you it will split the fire
chief I had the police car but the back
wheel one of the back wheels broke so I
wanted to get another car and this works
on all tyco you turn track so we'll be
testing that out and that's the set i
had right there that's exact set said i
had the race and chase with the hands of
Lamborghini in the police car so it will
work as a replacement for that police
car and I do believe it has sparking
sirens yeah real siren and flashing
lights so that is pretty cool so look
for those and upcoming videos we are
going to get the slot car tracks out
again and start doing some more videos
so be sure to subscribe so you can see
that and you'd like to see these running
let me know I really like cars and
I playing with them son likes it it's
just sometimes it's hard to get them out
we like the motivation so tell us to get
the slot cars out and play with them and
do stuff with them jumping over trains
and crash them in the trunk well I
probably won't crash these into trains
because these are brand new I usually
save the old beat-up ones for crashing
into trains but never know let's be sure
to subscribe see what we do thanks for
watching Fritz ours basement and beyond